when I was suppose hey whats up youtube
here and it's a nokia and we're on our
way to our execution just joking today
we are looking at the mod which actually
adds the racial bonus is to the
description I mean it might not seem
like a big mod but I mean it's probably
one of the most helpful mods that we've
done so far as you can see here it's got
all the stat bonuses that each
particular race has such as this one for
example it's got the lock-picking + 10
pickpocket plus 5 sneak plus 5 light
armor plus 5 and and you can see the
rest there and then it's also got the
power as well which is to regenerate
health so have a look through them all
you can see there I'll quickly go
through each one
this is the perfect mod for those of you
who will creating multiple characters
there and I mean I spent a lot of time
searching on the internet for basically
what each bonuses I mean I'm guessing a
lot of people do that as well but yeah
guys that's a really useful mod made by
heli FR and i'll give you a link to the
actual mod in the description so you can
download this it's a very useful mod and
this is just a quick video for you sure
on that so until next time guys peace
centuries what do you see oh yeah guys
and don't forget to subscribe